This project will be evaluated on three points :

    the Git tag of your final version of your project

Your project *must* compile with the "make" command on mandelbrot.

    a report of 8 to 12 pages at most. This report must sell your NachOS. It will be organized in 5 parts:

        a (short) part quickly describing the interresting/main features of your kernel (ie what makes you unique, what can be done with your software, ...)
        a "specifications" part that lists all what is available for user programs. You must put here what kind of information you would find in man pages. We must then find all implemented system calls with their prototype, the description of their arguments, the description of their behavior (user behavior, not the implementation), the description of the return value (if any), of the error managment, ... If you have a user-level library, you must describe its functions as your system calls.
        a "user tests" that describe the test programs you wrote, what they check, ...
        an "implementation" part that explain the main points of your implementation. So, it is the only part that talks in details about the code you wrote. You must explain/justify your choices.
        a more "scolar" part where you describe the organization of your work (planning, ...), you do useful comments about the project organisation, ...

The 3 first parts should target a user of your system. The 4th part target a developer that would like to continue to improve your system. If you correctly worked on specifications as requested, theses technical parts will be easy to write.
  

The report must *not* rewrite information already present in subjects. It must *not* answer to the questions in the subjects. Questions where here to quide you, to give you advices. They are not here to be answered into the final report.

    a defense with 30 min for you (presentation + demo) and 15 min of questions. You must present a pertinent summary of you report (usually, it is better to choose some points and not try to talk about all what is into your report: you will not have enought time).

Do not neglect the report and the defense: these are two main element of the project (and 2/3 of the final note...)
